README.md, before:

# Flannel Charm

Flannel is a virtual network that gives a subnet to each host for use with
container runtimes.

This charm will deploy flannel as a background service, and configure CNI for
use with flannel, on any principal charm that implements the
[`kubernetes-cni`](https://github.com/juju-solutions/interface-kubernetes-cni) interface.


## Usage

The flannel charm is a
[subordinate](https://jujucharms.com/docs/stable/authors-subordinate-services).
This charm will require a principal charm that implements the `kubernetes-cni`
interface in order to properly deploy.

```
juju deploy flannel
juju deploy etcd
juju deploy kubernetes-master
juju deploy kubernetes-worker
juju add-relation flannel etcd
juju add-relation flannel kubernetes-master
juju add-relation flannel kubernetes-worker
```

## Configuration

**iface** The interface to configure the flannel SDN binding. If this value is
empty string or undefined the code will attempt to find the default network
adapter similar to the following command:  
```bash
route | grep default | head -n 1 | awk {'print $8'}
```

**cidr** The network range to configure the flannel SDN to declare when
establishing networking setup with etcd. Ensure this network range is not active
on the vlan you're deploying to, as it will cause collisions and odd behavior
if care is not taken when selecting a good CIDR range to assign to flannel.

**nagios_context** A string that will be prepended to instance name to set the
host name in nagios.If you're running multiple environments with the same
services in them this allows you to differentiate between them. Used by the
nrpe subordinate charm.

**nagios_servicegroups** The comma-separated list of servicegroups that the
generated Nagios checks will belong to.

## Known Limitations

This subordinate does not support being co-located with other deployments of
the flannel subordinate (to gain 2 vlans on a single application). If you
require this support please file a bug.

This subordinate also leverages juju-resources, so it is currently only available
on juju 2.0+ controllers.


## Further information

- [Flannel Homepage](https://coreos.com/flannel/docs/latest/flannel-config.html)
- [Flannel Charm Issue Tracker]()
- [Flannel Issue Tracker]()

Commit message:

Initial canal charm (#1)
* Add calico files from layer-calico

* Smash it all together

* Update charm metadata

* Add the calico resource build script

* Work around import failure

* Fix calico policy controller not being created

* Reintroduce calico pool creation, we need it

* Update README, remove icon.svg

* Add calico version to application_version_set

* Don't configure CNI until flannel and calico dependencies are met

* clean up whitespace

README.md, after:

# Canal Charm

Canal is a community-driven initiative that aims to allow users to easily
deploy Calico and flannel networking together as a unified networking solution
- combining Calico’s industry-leading network policy enforcement with the rich
superset of Calico and flannel overlay and non-overlay network connectivity
options.

This charm will deploy flannel and calico as background services, and configure
CNI to use them, on any principal charm that implements the
[`kubernetes-cni`](https://github.com/juju-solutions/interface-kubernetes-cni)
interface.

## Usage

The canal charm is a
[subordinate](https://jujucharms.com/docs/stable/authors-subordinate-services).
This charm will require a principal charm that implements the `kubernetes-cni`
interface in order to properly deploy.

```
juju deploy canal
juju deploy etcd
juju deploy kubernetes-master
juju deploy kubernetes-worker
juju add-relation canal etcd
juju add-relation canal kubernetes-master
juju add-relation canal kubernetes-worker
```

## Configuration

**iface** The interface to configure the flannel SDN binding. If this value is
empty string or undefined the code will attempt to find the default network
adapter similar to the following command:  
```bash
route | grep default | head -n 1 | awk {'print $8'}
```

**cidr** The network range to configure the flannel SDN to declare when
establishing networking setup with etcd. Ensure this network range is not active
on the vlan you're deploying to, as it will cause collisions and odd behavior
if care is not taken when selecting a good CIDR range to assign to flannel.

**nagios_context** A string that will be prepended to instance name to set the
host name in nagios.If you're running multiple environments with the same
services in them this allows you to differentiate between them. Used by the
nrpe subordinate charm.

**nagios_servicegroups** The comma-separated list of servicegroups that the
generated Nagios checks will belong to.

## Known Limitations

This subordinate does not support being co-located with other deployments of
the canal subordinate (to gain 2 vlans on a single application). If you
require this support please file a bug.

This subordinate also leverages juju-resources, so it is currently only available
on juju 2.0+ controllers.


## Further information

- [Canal Project Page](https://github.com/projectcalico/canal)
